USF-2012: Create Terms and Conditions documentation (#204)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/releases/index.mdx

### Checkout

#### v1.3.0

_March 06, 2025_

New `TermsAndConditions` container added.

> Please see the [Terms And Conditions](/dropins/checkout/containers/terms-and-conditions) documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Terms And Conditions](/dropins/checkout/containers/terms-and-conditions) documentation for more information.
```

- **`PlaceOrderProps.slots.Content` property added**: This property allows setting the container content based on the selected payment method. This solves the way how to set the container content dynamically based on the selected payment method, instead of having to modify the text of the container manipulating directly the DOM and detecting payment method selection by handling the PaymentMethods slot, which is not ideal for maintainability.

> Please see the [Place Order](/dropins/checkout/containers/place-order) documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Place Order](/dropins/checkout/containers/place-order) documentation for more information.
```

  - The `icon` configuration specifies the name of the icon to be shown beside of the label. The icon name must exist within the list of available icons defined in the drop-ins SDK.
  - The `setOnChange` configuration sets the payment method automatically when it is selected. Only if a payment method is specifically set to _false_, the container will not automatically set the payment method to the cart when selected (for example, if a payment method needs to obtain more information during the place order action).
  - The `render` configuration is a handler used to render and configure the payment method.

> Please see the [Payment Methods](/dropins/checkout/containers/payment-methods) documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Payment Methods](/dropins/checkout/containers/payment-methods) documentation for more information.
```
